 Skip to main content Braille Voter Guide
[https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/contact/braille_voter_request_form] Home
[/sites/default/files/seal.png] [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/] Alabama Secretary of
State [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/] MAIN NAVIGATION
 *  SOS Office [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/sos-office]  *  Biography [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/sos-office/biography] 
    *  History [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/sos-office/history] 
    *  Voter Registration [https://www.alabamavotes.gov/olvr/default.aspx] 
    *  Event Scheduling [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/sos-office/event-scheduling] 
    *  Fees & Funds [https://sos.alabama.gov/sos-office/fees-funds]  *  Fee Schedule [https://sos.alabama.gov/sites/default/files/form-files/sosFeeSchedule.pdf] 
       *  Funds Guide [https://sos.alabama.gov/sites/default/files/chart-for-funds-07-19-18.pdf] 
       *  Voter List Fee Schedule [https://sos.alabama.gov/sites/default/files/form-files/sosVoterListFeeSchedule.pdf] 
      
      
    *  Committees [https://sos.alabama.gov/sos-office/transparency]  *  Committees Guide
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/sites/default/files/Boards-Commissions-Committees/sosBoardsCommissionsCommitteesGuide.pdf]
          
       *  Meeting Minutes [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/sos-office/meeting-minutes] 
      
      
    *  Student Center  *  Legislative Internship [http://inform.alabama.gov/_ALI/Intern_program.aspx] 
       *  SOS Internship Application [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/sites/default/files/SOSInternshipPacket2021.pdf] 
       *  Student Poll Worker Internship
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/student-poll-worker-internship] 
       *  Kid's Center [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/sos-office/kids] 
      
      
    *  Quarterly & Annual Reports
      [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/sos-office/quarterly-annual-reports] 
   
   
 *  Elections [http://www.alabamavotes.gov/] 
 *  Services  *  Administrative Services
      [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/administrative-services]  *  Authentications
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/administrative-services/authentications] 
       *  Trademarks
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/administrative-services/trademarks] 
       *  Lands [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/administrative-services/lands] 
      
      
    *  UCC Services [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/business-services]  *  UCC Home [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/business-services/ucc-home] 
       *  Online Filings [https://www.alabamainteractive.org/ucc_filing/] 
       *  Filing Fees [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/business-services/filing-fees] 
       *  Procedures [https://sos.alabama.gov/sites/default/files/form-files/aac820-4-3.pdf] 
       *  UCC Downloads
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/business-services/ucc-downloads] 
      
      
    *  Business Entities [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/business-entities]  *  Online Services [https://www.alabamainteractive.org/sos/welcome.action] 
       *  Domestic Corporations
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/business-entities/domestic-corporations] 
       *  Foreign Corporations
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/business-entities/foreign-corporations] 
       *  Homeowners' Associations
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/business-entities/homeowners-associations] 
       *  Fees [http://www.sos.alabama.gov/sites/default/files/2019-12/be-FeeSchedule.pdf] 
       *  LLCs [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/business-entities/llcs] 
       *  LLPs [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/business-entities/llps] 
       *  Business Downloads
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/business-entities/business-downloads] 
      
      
    *  Athlete Agents
      [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/administrative-services/athlete-agents] 
    *  Oath of Office Information Center [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/node/1533] 
    *  Notaries  *  Notaries Public
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/administrative-services/notaries-public] 
       *  Civil Law Notaries
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/administrative-services/civil-law-notaries] 
      
      
   
   
 *  Records [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/government-records]  *  Request Public Information
      [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/sos-office/request-public-information] 
    *  Records Searches  *  Campaign Finance Records
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/alabama-votes/media/campaign-finance-reports] 
       *  Notary Public Records
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/government-records/notary-public] 
       *  Business Entity Records
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/government-records/business-entity-records] 
       *  Civil Law Notary Records
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/government-records/civil-law-notary-records] 
       *  UCC Records [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/government-records/ucc-records] 
       *  Land Records
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/government-records/land-records] 
       *  Statutory Filings [http://arc-sos.state.al.us/cgi/contrsrh.mbr/input] 
       *  Trademark Records
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/government-records/trademark-records] 
       *  Athlete Agents Search
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/government-records/athlete-agent-search] 
      
      
    *  Code of Alabama [http://alisondb.legislature.state.al.us/alison/codeofalabama/1975/coatoc.htm] 
    *  State Constitution
      [http://alisondb.legislature.state.al.us/alison/codeofalabama/constitution/1901/constitution1901_toc.htm] 
    *  Proposed Amendments [http://arc-sos.state.al.us/cgi/elactnum.mbr/output] 
    *  Disposition Authority
      [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/government-records/records-disposition-authority]
       
    *  Legislative Acts
      [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/government-records/legislative-acts] 
    *  Administrative Code [http://www.alabamaadministrativecode.state.al.us/docs/sos/index.html]  *  Proposed Rules
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/government-records/proposed-rules] 
      
      
    *  Record of Proclamations
      [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/government-records/record-of-proclamations] 
    *  City - County Lookup [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/city-county-lookup] 
   
   
 *  Contact [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/contact] 

Search  * 
 * #
 *  [https://www.facebook.com/alasecretaryofstate/]
 *  [https://twitter.com/alasecofstate]
 *  [https://www.youtube.com/user/alasecretaryofstate]
 *  [http://sos.alabama.gov/newsroom/rss]
 * #

# *  [https://www.facebook.com/alasecretaryofstate/]
 *  [https://twitter.com/alasecofstate]
 *  [https://www.youtube.com/user/alasecretaryofstate]
 *  [http://sos.alabama.gov/newsroom/rss]

MAIN NAVIGATION
 *  SOS Office [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/sos-office]  *  Biography [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/sos-office/biography] 
    *  History [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/sos-office/history] 
    *  Voter Registration [https://www.alabamavotes.gov/olvr/default.aspx] 
    *  Event Scheduling [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/sos-office/event-scheduling] 
    *  Fees & Funds [https://sos.alabama.gov/sos-office/fees-funds]  *  Fee Schedule [https://sos.alabama.gov/sites/default/files/form-files/sosFeeSchedule.pdf] 
       *  Funds Guide [https://sos.alabama.gov/sites/default/files/chart-for-funds-07-19-18.pdf] 
       *  Voter List Fee Schedule [https://sos.alabama.gov/sites/default/files/form-files/sosVoterListFeeSchedule.pdf] 
      
      
    *  Committees [https://sos.alabama.gov/sos-office/transparency]  *  Committees Guide
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/sites/default/files/Boards-Commissions-Committees/sosBoardsCommissionsCommitteesGuide.pdf]
          
       *  Meeting Minutes [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/sos-office/meeting-minutes] 
      
      
    *  Student Center  *  Legislative Internship [http://inform.alabama.gov/_ALI/Intern_program.aspx] 
       *  SOS Internship Application [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/sites/default/files/SOSInternshipPacket2021.pdf] 
       *  Student Poll Worker Internship
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/student-poll-worker-internship] 
       *  Kid's Center [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/sos-office/kids] 
      
      
    *  Quarterly & Annual Reports
      [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/sos-office/quarterly-annual-reports] 
   
   
 *  Elections [http://www.alabamavotes.gov/] 
 *  Services  *  Administrative Services
      [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/administrative-services]  *  Authentications
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/administrative-services/authentications] 
       *  Trademarks
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/administrative-services/trademarks] 
       *  Lands [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/administrative-services/lands] 
      
      
    *  UCC Services [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/business-services]  *  UCC Home [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/business-services/ucc-home] 
       *  Online Filings [https://www.alabamainteractive.org/ucc_filing/] 
       *  Filing Fees [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/business-services/filing-fees] 
       *  Procedures [https://sos.alabama.gov/sites/default/files/form-files/aac820-4-3.pdf] 
       *  UCC Downloads
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/business-services/ucc-downloads] 
      
      
    *  Business Entities [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/business-entities]  *  Online Services [https://www.alabamainteractive.org/sos/welcome.action] 
       *  Domestic Corporations
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/business-entities/domestic-corporations] 
       *  Foreign Corporations
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/business-entities/foreign-corporations] 
       *  Homeowners' Associations
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/business-entities/homeowners-associations] 
       *  Fees [http://www.sos.alabama.gov/sites/default/files/2019-12/be-FeeSchedule.pdf] 
       *  LLCs [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/business-entities/llcs] 
       *  LLPs [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/business-entities/llps] 
       *  Business Downloads
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/business-entities/business-downloads] 
      
      
    *  Athlete Agents
      [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/administrative-services/athlete-agents] 
    *  Oath of Office Information Center [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/node/1533] 
    *  Notaries  *  Notaries Public
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/administrative-services/notaries-public] 
       *  Civil Law Notaries
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/administrative-services/civil-law-notaries] 
      
      
   
   
 *  Records [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/government-records]  *  Request Public Information
      [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/sos-office/request-public-information] 
    *  Records Searches  *  Campaign Finance Records
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/alabama-votes/media/campaign-finance-reports] 
       *  Notary Public Records
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/government-records/notary-public] 
       *  Business Entity Records
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/government-records/business-entity-records] 
       *  Civil Law Notary Records
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/government-records/civil-law-notary-records] 
       *  UCC Records [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/government-records/ucc-records] 
       *  Land Records
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/government-records/land-records] 
       *  Statutory Filings [http://arc-sos.state.al.us/cgi/contrsrh.mbr/input] 
       *  Trademark Records
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/government-records/trademark-records] 
       *  Athlete Agents Search
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/government-records/athlete-agent-search] 
      
      
    *  Code of Alabama [http://alisondb.legislature.state.al.us/alison/codeofalabama/1975/coatoc.htm] 
    *  State Constitution
      [http://alisondb.legislature.state.al.us/alison/codeofalabama/constitution/1901/constitution1901_toc.htm] 
    *  Proposed Amendments [http://arc-sos.state.al.us/cgi/elactnum.mbr/output] 
    *  Disposition Authority
      [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/government-records/records-disposition-authority]
       
    *  Legislative Acts
      [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/government-records/legislative-acts] 
    *  Administrative Code [http://www.alabamaadministrativecode.state.al.us/docs/sos/index.html]  *  Proposed Rules
         [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/government-records/proposed-rules] 
      
      
    *  Record of Proclamations
      [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/government-records/record-of-proclamations] 
    *  City - County Lookup [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/city-county-lookup] 
   
   
 *  Contact [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/contact] 

Search Alabama Votes [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/alabama-votes] ALABAMA VOTES MENU
 *  FAQ [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/alabama-votes/faqs] 
 *  Voters [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/alabama-votes/voter/election-information] 
 *  Candidates
   [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/alabama-votes/candidates/candidate-resources] 
 *  PACs [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/alabama-votes/pac-resources] 
 *  Public & Media
   [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/alabama-votes/media/help-america-vote-act] 
 *  Contact Us [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/alabama-votes/contact-us] 

REGISTER TO VOTE / UPDATE YOUR INFORMATION
BREADCRUMB
 1.  Home [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/] 
 2.  Alabama Votes [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/alabama-votes] 
 3. Register to Vote / Update Your Information 

Online Registration Form Icon [/sites/default/files/online-form.png] Online Registration
[https://www.alabamainteractive.org/sos/voter_registration/] Fillable PDF Icon [/sites/default/files/register.png]
Fillable PDF [https://sos.alabama.gov/sites/default/files/voter-pdfs/nvra-2.pdf] Mail Me A Form Icon
[/themes/custom/sos/images/absentee.png] Mail Me A Form [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/contact/online_voter_form_request] 
Thank you for your interest in registering to vote. We are glad to be of assistance.Please note that the voter
registration application may be used to register or to update your registration information.You may follow the steps
below to register or update.

You may download theState of Alabama Mail-In Voter Registration Formfrom this page. Then, just print it, fill it out,
and mail it in to your local board of registrars! Any individual registering to vote must send the completed application
with his/her original signature to the county'sBoard of Registrars
[http://sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/board-of-registrars-all-counties]in which he/she resides.

Submit an application electronically. [https://www.alabamainteractive.org/sos/voter_registration/]

Have us mail you an Alabama Mail-In Voter Registration Form. [http://sos.alabama.gov/contact/online_voter_form_request]

Download the Alabama Mail-In Voter Registration Form
[https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/sites/default/files/voter-pdfs/nvra-2.pdf]. Please
fill in all information completely and accurately.

Domestic Violence Voter Affirmation
[https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/sites/default/files/voter-pdfs/Domestic_Violence_Affidavit.pdf]
. For domestic violence victims or guardians of domestic violence victims, submit this affirmation form to protect your
voter information from the public.

Important Note!The Alabama Mail-in Voter Registration application is for use by residents of the State of Alabama only!
If you reside in a state other than Alabama, please contact your state or local election officials for information on
registering to vote. You may also wish to visit the web site of theElection Assistance Commission [http://www.eac.gov/]
to review the federal postcard voter registration form.

We can also mail you a voter registration form if you prefer. To request an application, you maycomplete an on-line
request [http://sos.alabama.gov/contact/online_voter_form_request], call us on our Voter Hotline at1-800-274-8683, or
write to us at the address listed above. Please be sure to include a complete mailing address and the number of forms
that you need.

Please note that your County Board of Registrars will mail you a voter identification card upon determining that you are
eligible to vote in your county. The voter identification card will provide you the name and address of your voting
place as well as a listing of the various districts in which you live (state House of Representatives, state Senate,
etc.).

Any individual registering to vote must send the completed application with his/her original signature to the county's
Board of Registrars [http://sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/board-of-registrars-all-counties]in which he/she resides.
Applications may also be sent to the Secretary of State's Office at:

Office of the Secretary of State
Elections Division
PO Box 5616
Montgomery, AL 36103

VOTERS
 *  Absentee Voting
   [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/alabama-votes/voter/absentee-voting] 
 *  County Election Officials [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/city-county-lookup] 
 *  Election Information
   [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/alabama-votes/voter/election-information] 
 *  Why Vote? [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/alabama-votes/voter/why-vote] 
 *  Election Laws [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/alabama-votes/voter/election-laws] 
 *  Elections Data [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/alabama-votes/voter/election-data] 
 *  Find Your Elected Official Map
   [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/alabama-votes/elected-official-map] 
 *  Find Your Polling Location [https://myinfo.alabamavotes.gov/] 
 *  Military/Overseas Voting
   [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/alabama-votes/voter/military-overseas-voting] 
 *  Provisional Ballot Status [https://myinfo.alabamavotes.gov/] 
 *  Become a Poll Worker
   [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/alabama-votes/become-poll-worker] 
 *  Student Poll Worker Internship
   [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/student-poll-worker-internship] 
 *  Voter ID requirements
   [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/alabama-votes/voter/voter-id] 
 *  Voter Registration
   [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote] 
 *  Poll Worker Guides
   [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/alabama-votes/voter/pollworker-guides] 

FOOTER MENU
 *  Alabama Directory [http://www.info.alabama.gov/] 
 *  Online Services [https://www.alabamainteractive.org/sos/] 
 *  Alabama.gov [http://alabama.gov] 
 *  Statements & Policies [http://isd.alabama.gov/isd/statements.aspx] 
 *  Feeds [http://sos.alabama.gov/newsroom/rss] 
 *  Contact Us [https://www.sos.alabama.gov/alabama-votes/voter/register-to-vote/contact] 

 * P.O. Box 5616 Montgomery, AL 36103-5616
 * Phone: (334) 242-7200
 * Fax: (334) 242-4993

Tracking Pixel [https://bcp.crwdcntrl.net/5/c=931/b=51947964]Ads Tracking Pixel [https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/activity;xsp=4376580;ord=1;num=1?]Crowd Control Tracking Pixel [https://bcp.crwdcntrl.net/5/c=931/b=27546429]